Last Update: 4/5/2026 03:45 HRS IST

NOTE: SampleJSON file is the key. This file needs to be clearly given as to make modifications to the API.

TASKS THAT ARE DONE
1. Migrated to .net48 based on Srikanth instructions.
2. Updated the sampleJson file based on new questionnaire. This is the key file for the API. Any changes to the questionnaire will be reflected here and then in the code.
   (Check about Alcohol/ Vape Question, as it is not clear in the questionnaire if it is a single question or two separate questions.)
3. Created Common SP Call Method which can be reused in every function. (Moved to Service)
4. Created Dummy Model based on SampleJSON. If input coming in is confirmed, Using this Model will be a better approach than using JObject as parameter both 
   from performance as well as cleanliness perspective.
5. 6 methods based on input Json. Parameters to be changed in future, after understanding. 5 are fairly clear. need clarification on last one. (Not Used Anymore) 
6. GitIgnore now working properly.
7. DB Connection now added in web.config
8. Updated Workflow for README updates. Update will go to two people from now.
9. Convert age into DOB in the register method. Insert Data into tables if Branch and Corporate tables if BID and CID not present repectively.
10.Test integration ongoing for RegisterUserAPI method. Works currently for existing CIDs and BIDs but for new data SP not working as intended. 
11.Made registerUserAPI method which will pass various parameters to input into multiple tables. (Error in PK registerId, I think it should be regId, For now I am using my own Store
   proc temp but after srikanth review can make it proper.)
12.Basic Sanity check of data feasibility and tested it based on some sample forms.
13.Added data entry functionality and entity for Branch(s) and Corporate(s).

GOOD TO HAVE
1. DataModels for input and output for each method.
2. Swagger Implementation
3. Authentication

NEED INFORMATION
1. What null handles are needed?
2. What is the final data output to be sent?
3. Variable Mapping(s) of questionnaire with with Tables. (Done right now based on what I understood.)

ACTION ITEMS ON SRIKANTH
1. Why is the Vape variable NOT used in usp_registeruserAPI (or) usp_registeruser storedproc.
2. Awaiting document of which questionnaire linked with what column of tables.
3. Review the storedproc usp_registeruserAPI as dataentry not working. I created a storedproc usp_registeruserAPITemp for it to work temporarily.
4. The CIDs and BIDs may not be working as intended as CID is autogenerated. Same thing for BID. Current Code works for already existing data.
5. If just CIDs and BIDs are given in the input, what should be the dummy values in other columns.

NEXT STEPS/ CURRENTLY WORKING ON
1. Fix CID and BID related issue(s) as soon as information provided.